Reid, find a way to locate
this person’s hiding place.
Then, Helan, you tell
Li Qi his whereabouts.
And by the way, tell Li Qi that the deal
he discussed with me before,
it’s doable.
Using someone else to do the dirty work,
he’s really mastered that move.
Li Qi’s DX International,
second only to Cavilla in Italy.
But Li Qi’s ruthless tactics
are no different from Hou Jiuling’s.
All for that kid, setting up a trap.
Miss Jin, hello, this is Reid.
Lawyer Reid,
any results from the issue
I consulted you about this morning?
I’ve got a general understanding,
but some details are still unclear.
Could the person involved
meet with me in person
so we can discuss face-to-face?
That might not be convenient.
If I can’t meet the person involved,
it’s hard for me to give advice.
Lawyer Reid,
I’ll get back to you later,
is that okay?
Sure.
Driver, to Situ Ancient Road.
Let’s go, let’s go.
Mr. Helan, we found him,
hiding in a cabin
at the foot of Zhiling Mountain.